Fantastic Tempranillo and for that price. Notes of dark fruit and red fruit. With some delicate sweetness. Best value for money.Sweet, engendered,  boringSoft and balanced, little tannins, acid in the nose. I think 1 year is not enough, it should be kept longer in oak. Good for those who likes young wine. 1200 RUR it is too much. 800 with discount it is ok. But I am not sure I will buy it again.too acidic for meFantastic find at Costco! Very smooth, delicious Malbec! Perfect for sitting out on a Fall evening. Mahoney’s, Cape Cod. Nice character and smooth finish. Excellent a very big bold red and ONLY £6.99 but taste like a £24 bottle is gooood.
Ruch strong velvety not overly complex but great with cheese, steak, or a meal. It is a winner. Already planning to buy more.Strawberry, caramel and vanilla. Simple, medium sweetness with strong acid and tannins. Full bodied and short finish. UnoakedAgriculture nose like a Rhone varietal. Lots of fruits and smoky on taste. Readably good. A quaffable Malbec with good fruit on the nose and flavors of prune, cherry, ripe tannins and spice. Paired well with Peruvian chicken and steak.Your not 19 forever pour yourself another it’s beauty 👌🏻Very full flavour without the general acidity or aftertaste that comes with. It's so smooth and fruity! I love it.Very tasty 
Not bitter
Smooth
Definitely buy again!Favourite red wine.. cherry, fruity..Oak notes and a creamy vanilla body, less bold than an American cab, but ending with a distinct creaminess. Interesting drinking without @[1|23442351|Cassie McMillan]! Had at will and Lolo's to celebrate their engagement. It was a dry champagne that didn't seem tanneny. Watered down cough syrup. Hope it was just a off bottle.  oak black fruit leather earthyNot happy with this one at all. Weak, little flavor. Vanilla leather nose, medium acid medium high tannins oak vanilla nice easy red wine to drink Was not psyched about it...Fruity, bold and very nice up front, just a bad after taste. I would not get it again.I am loving these 19 Crimes varieties. Banished is rich and dark loaded with berries and perfectly balanced. Cheers.🍷Very sunny, light, smooth, deep taste, plum, BlackBerry, hint of oak Smooth,  great with burgers11.5% Alcohol 
citrus 
green apple
A really pleasant surprise, rich fruit and lots of SWEETnessLoved it. At the Borg’s Color: peach dawn - gorgeous!
Nose: citrus pit he, melon, white peach?
Mouth: light- medium body, medium higher acidity, rosé! Melon, hint of strawberry, grapefruit forward, citrus pith! Lime & lemon. Interesting but too much citrus for me to really enjoy right now).Tasty, haven’t had a Malbec for awhile.Delicous, fruity and lightSoftens very well after it breathes. Smooth on the pallet with a fruity flavor left on the tongue. Medium to heavy bodied, very fruity. Enjoyable!Aged well in the cellar for 10 years and the taste is more rounded and full, with medium acidity. It went perfectly with white sauce pasta and seafood dishes! Solid base line no tune. Fabulously smooth and rich

Smooth fruity and easy drinking. The spicy undertones and complexity adds to a delicious wine at surprisingly low cost. Dark ruby colour. Dry, mushroom, black licorice, blueberry... interrupted by how dry it is.  Not drinking all that well in 2020 IMO and also not the most enjoyable on its own, likely better with food and/or decanting.

This had the cherry blast with a spicy kick. Less pepper than I would expect and more like a Cali cab than a chile.  Robust, full bodiedThis wine had a very fruity nose but a crisp, dry flavor profile.  It's slightly acidic, but well balanced. If this was my only white for forever,I'd be happy.Quite ok. A gift, so no not aware of pricing. Mineral, fine acid - a bit sharp in the end, but that actually gets better after a short while.Very drinkable cold rose Pineapple, pear, citrus - good with tuna Will buy again, simply good even without the food.A bit dry, tangy start. Finishes smoother down the throat like bathing under a waterfall. Very fruity tones. Just loved it. Bubbles on the tongue after and great colour. Good value wine that will undoubtably pair well with Thanksgiving turkey. 
      Mostly pear on the nose which transfers to the palate.  A bit of papaya comes through as well with good acidity.  $15.99 and certainly worth that.  Although Vivino seems to think it is $6......
  You can't buy a wine in Canada for $6.Still searching for a good non-alcoholic wineGood in the "everyday red" category.
Acidic, stern, good food companion, with its red cherry (the Sangio!) and plum (the Monteplulciano!) 
The fruit's not brilliant and lacks definition, but it's there and you can disentangle it, which is good enough in this price range. 
Then the dusty Sangio minerality coupled with the one from the Montepulciano, reminding of a deep, humid cave.
Medium body and medium minus finish.
Good enough me.Delicious and unique. Completely unexpected from a Pinot noir. Can never go wrong with meiomi.  Nice and smooth Smooth and bold pinot noir. It is the best Pinot Noir I ever had. Fantastic Pinot noir but could use more aging. Very complexed wine with red fruit flavors. With a distinct roasted marshmallow finish.Yum. Fruity, not totally dry but still not too sweet🇫🇷 Bright medium yellow straw color with golden tons 👁. Yeast and brioche with mineral, peach and vanilla notes👃. Very fresh, beautiful bubbles and excellent persistence and aftertaste. 🍇Pinot Noir (50-55%), Chardonnay (28-33%) and Pinot Meunier (15-20%) from different 50 cru. 12% alcohol. Ageing for at least 30 months in the cellar. 10g/l sugar. 
Still is one of the best commercial large scale Champagnes. 93P. 4,3⭐️. 😀Very dry. Solid champagne. Nice toasty, yeasty nose; a beautiful balance of acid and just a hint of sweetness.Crisp, bubbly, and bursting with flavor. Delicious! Really good. Golden. Cheese nose. Crisp and dry, with a savory heft. I wasn’t a big fan of this champagne since it was quite sweet. Although the bottle doesn’t specify, it is most likely an extra brut.Superb. Lovely weight. Excellent petulance.Tasted again on November 21, 92 points for sure. 

An elegant champagne, with reasonable price. Pale straw, clear, bright, persistent fine bubbles. Notes of yeast, green apple, citrus, lemon. Dry, medium body, zesty acidity, long tart finish. Drink now. 92 points. (Jan 14)Introduced my family to this impeccable champagne and it’s now their favorite champagne!Wow! Ohh yes please. 😉The best Champagne I have ever had. 👀 pink obviously
👃m-. Grapefruit, green apple, gooseberry, white pepper, slightly floral
👅 medium. Astringent underripe fruit with a touch of pepper. Sound horrible? It is. Bright with a hint of apple. Excellent Aline or with canopies and smoked turkey. Very light and harmonious pour...scents of apples and pears are apparent. Loved this as a beautiful alternative to champagne. I liked it much more than Prosecco. A good champagne, a lot of taste of yellow apples, crackers Fine bubbles and the finesse is so excellentOne of the best in the game. Deep and complex it never disappoints. So much flavor.Fantastic bottle - even the non-champagne drinkers thought it was good! 
Smooth, but don't have much impression.Always a favorite Apricot flavours in this sparkler with some light yeast notes. Maybe extra delicious because it was consumed in Las Vegas! Clear, pale lemon colored. Fine CO2
Clean, medium intensity smell with lemon apple lime and toast brioche. It is youthful.
Dry, medium acidity, low alcohol and medium bodied creamy mousse. Medium intensity lemon apple lime apricot pear and brioche toast butter. Medium finish.
Outstanding quality. Drink now, not suitable for ageing or further ageing. Balanced structure and nice complexity.Best naturally sweet champagne everLight salmon pink in the glass. Creamy, yeast, toast, some red fruit on the nose. Raspberries, strawberries, cream, toast, brioche on the palate. Slightly more offensive on the palate as compared to their normal selection. Amazing Primitivo, one of my favourites. Cherry, oak and chocolate. A bottle is gone in no time. Curry down, old fashioned down, chateauneuf down and slipped this beauty on the taste buds. I need a case of it. great wine,beautifull color,full body,long tasteMaybe a bad bottle - poppy seed flat flavorComplex, nice bubbles, mineral, bread - good with tapasTop 2 Cabs I've ever tasted.  Smooth.  Thick.  Cherry yet not overly cherry.  Great legs.  Summary:  incredible.  4.5 indeed.Smooth like velvet Drinking new 2019 vintage, and again I must say, this is Damn good!  Deep black fruit and currants coat your mouth with good tannins to nicely grip your tongue.  The legs that slowly drip down the wine glass actually stain the glass.  Nice 14.5% alcohol, but isn’t that why we drink?Very smooth; can taste the berry.  Had for dinner with a filet.  I highly recommend.Really enjoyed it.  Jammy.  Dark color.  Rich and velvety. leather, blackberries, full bodied & bold, fruit forward. DELICIOUS.Excellent value. Complex w/ a nice long finish. Wonderful w/ the pan roasted lamb chops I made.It is fruitful, but too sweet for me... It is not to my liking. A little too sweet.This is a solid blend choice if you want to impress and having aged a bit only made it smoother. Great taste of berries and dark chocolate.Amazing wine, totally different but great! Strong cherry fragrance and taste! 
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! 
..slight smokey taste and exotic fruits. 
Have it with dark chocolate! Always a goodieSlight sweetness. Cigars and plum but not that elegant. Good spectrum finish all a bit meh. £22 in Bordeaux gets you something more elegant than this. Deeeeep purple in glass. Luscious blakberry, spice notes, like anise. Rich, tannic and balanced. We both loved this one. Have to wait for a shipment, but since this could age, we'd wait years. 😃

Export manager Marina says 2004, 2007 & 2012 some of her favs.

$123 @ Co-Op. Tried at tasting. strawberry citrus appleOur go to Barbaresco.  Open and decant three hours.  It will pair well with everything.  Classic copper nebbiolo color.  Phenomenal red for the price.  Just the right acidity, sweetness, and drynessGreat value for money!Balanced, medium dry and rounded. Body quite full  with varied aromas of leather oak and berries. A pleasant and long finish. Definitely a favourite! Full bodied big redSimply delicious - a pleasant surprise from an unforgettable trip to SA in 2008!
Creamy vanilla ice cream. Mineral palate of ripe fruits. Balance is slightly towards sugar. Vivid, slightly rude minerality.Corked. Not a good start to my ‘don’t forget from where I’ve come’ experiment. Sadly may rbe better in key regards than the Condado de Haza of the same vintage. Experiment strike 2.2016. Great vintage, ready to drink now but has years ahead of it. Decanted 1hr. Full bodied, balanced, smooth elegant tannins. Primary and secondary flavors are less pronounced than I expected. Little bit of musk and dried mushrooms. Great value for money!Clean, dark cherry, dark plum, fresh, good depthIncreíble - just incredible It makes room to my short list of Italian wines, what an excellent wine!65% cabernet sauvignon, 20% merlot, 15% syrah. 8 months matured in oak. Creamy, balanced, hint of candy, very nice. Super Tuscan.A very pale straw yellow in color, this Italian sparkling wine has a lovely nose of pear, citrus, green apple, & toast. The palate is on the drier side with high acidity, expressing toasted almonds, citrus, & pear. Very minimal bubbles on this one. At $30, this is a great value sparkling wine that doesn’t skimp on flavor.  I would love to try pairing this sparkling with sushi next time! 
$30
✨I love this Pinot noir!This bottle went down way too fast! Some floral notes on the finish. Best Malbec I've ever tasted! So smooth ...velvetyLove this Rioja Full-bodied, fruity with a nice long finish. Absolutely delicious!Hint of oak aroma. Full bodied. Fruity. Dry oaky finish.I love it. Smooth. Nice flavor. No bad aftertaste. Pairs nicely with various meals. Ripe and dark fruits, opulent and with a smooth and long finish. Absolutely fantastic Amarone!Excellent for the price!Let it breathe a while... Not strong enough for lamb. Yet very drinkable with lean beef. Lighter tannins than other Malbecs we've hadVery mild and flavorful!Concentrated and delicious.  Much more lifeSpecial. Drinking perfectly Fruity and smoothExcellent Malbec. I am generally not a fan of Malbec wines but this one was very enjoyable. 4.5⭐️Excellent fruity with plumb and smooth. Not tannic. Absolute bargain at this price.The Catena family wrote the book on Mendoza Malbec.  Great complexity with dark berries, peppery spice and savory tannins. A gold standard of Malbec.Amazing bold red ❤️ Wow... Such great wine. You can tell it's heritage! Like it's older brother at a fraction of the price. :)Clear, deep purple hue. Clean, pronounced aromas of blackberry, blueberry, black cherry, wet leaves, smoke, tobacco, baked plums, stewed black fruit & other earthy notes. Dry, full bodied, high acidity, high tannins, high alcohol, high intensity of flavors of the blackberries, black cherries, blueberries. A significant flavor profile increase from the nose of tobacco, cedar, vanilla and leather. Baking spices and cinnamon and anise. Nice long finish. Still developing &is incredible now. Imagine in 10yrs. 93Inky, fruitycomplex finish. One of my favorite malbecs.Less fruit than I expected, high taninnes despite the medium body...Found my favorite Malbec!!!!!! Incredible!!!Young yet powerful, taste of dark red berry’s and subtitle herbs. Lingers in your mouth THIS IS A BEAUTIFUL WINE. FROM NOSE TO FINISH (RP97)

It clearly shows maturity and sophistication on the nose. Full of dark berries and oakiness to begin with. Shows a bit of fortified wine and refined sweetness too.

It's a fairly big wine but has attention to detail too, such as wet earth and minerals. The palate includes cigar/tobacco and sufficient berries to make this a really solid wine. It's a 5-star for me as everything comes together in a long finish that's not too acidic or sweet. Malbec!Super smooth malbeclight fruity, light dry, tastes goodSoft and flavorful Splurged on this for my 40th birthday. It was rich and buttery and very satisfying. This should be a 4 or 4.5, but got a 5 as I had the pleasure to drink it during my wife birthday dinner! 🍾🍾🍾

Red fruit aromas on the nose, smooth tannins and a nice finish. It paired nicely with a ribeye!Fruity, light yet heartwarmingVery smoot and nice!On the nose sweet cherries and vanilla. Taste of black berries, oak, smoke and leather. A truly extraordinary wine. Wonderful wine.  Potent, aromatic;  plums, blackberries and tobacco.  Very easy to drink.Does what it says on the tin. Dark fruit, cocoa, fresh ground coffee & cinnamon. One of the best South African vines. Very smooth chocolate flavor and good with a stake Full of black cherry, chocolat this 2005 is still delicious. I have 3 more blts and was thinking they would keep easily for 5+ more yearsBetter than chocolate Love it. Lots of fruity flavours. Stone fruits like plum and cherry. Slight oak finish but fruit takes over again. Highly recommend to compliment your steak dinner. Smooth and delicious.
Very good. Need to order again for notes. For this price is nice wine. Fruity, not too sweet, and a good value at 12.99. A good introduction to red wine.Not bad for the priceJuicy aromas of blackberry, ripe black cherry, hints of vanilla, and a slightly oaky finish. On the palate flavors of juicy tart blackberry, dark fruit, tobacco, and a semisweet chocolate finish. Absolutely delicious! Wonderfully versatile and an amazing compliment to a 7 course tasting menu including red snapper, pork, and short rib. Will restock and enjoy again. Spicy, with dry finish.  Peppery notes and very balanced body.Fantastic wine. Best I've had for the price in a while.Pretty damn near perfection, so 5 stars feels completely appropriate here. Such a beautiful wine with complexity and depth, that sips beautifully. Was enjoyed with good friends and a campfire, but could go great in any scenario.

tasting notes: lush berries, fresh earth, worn leather